Change width to height (#15683)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/flexbox/index.md

{{cssxref("align-items")}} controls where the flex items sit on the cross axis.

> - By default, the value is `stretch`, which stretches all flex items to fill the parent in the direction of the cross axis. If the parent doesn't have a fixed height in the cross axis direction, then all flex items will become as long as the longest flex item. This is how our first example had columns of equal height by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the value is `stretch`, which stretches all flex items to fill the parent in the direction of the cross axis. If the parent doesn't have a fixed height in the cross axis direction, then all flex items will become as tall as the tallest flex item. This is how our first example had columns of equal height by default.
```

I think it's tricky to talk say things like "If the parent doesn't have a fixed height in the cross axis direction" because whether it's width or height depends on the cross axis direction (doesn't it?). So we could say:

```
- By default, the value is `stretch`, which stretches all flex items to fill the parent in the direction of the cross axis. If the parent doesn't have a fixed dimension in the cross axis direction, then all flex items will given the dimension (width or height, depending on cross axis direction) of the largest flex item. This is how our first example had columns of equal height by default.
```

...but maybe that's even more confusing!
